Adding hashing test for IPv4|UDP (GUEv1) encapsulated packets (#4135)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/policy_forwarding/otg_tests/ipv4_guev1_decap_and_hashing_test/README.md

Author: Done

# PF-1.22 Static GUEv1 Decapsulation and EMCP test for IPv4 and IPv6 payload
## Summary

> This is to test the functionality of decapsulation of static GUEv1 to IPv4 or IPv6 payload and ensures that only the outer header (IPv4 | UDP) of GUEv1 encapsulated packets are used for hashing on decapsulating nodes. 
> Comprehensive static GUEv1 Decapsulation over decap subnet range, decap TTL and DSCP behavior test is documented in [#4178](https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/pull/4178).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is to test the functionality of decapsulation of GUEv1 to IPv4 or IPv6 payload and ensures that only
the outer header (IPv4 | UDP) of GUEv1 encapsulated packets are used for hashing on decapsulating nodes. 

GUEv1 decapsulation matching destination-address-prefix-set and TTL and DSCP behavior test is documented in [#4178](https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/pull/4178).
```

-  The outer header destination IP of the traffic does not matches the locally configured decapsulation address(DUT-DECAP-Address), therefore it does not match the decapsulation criteria for the destination IP
-  The DUT will not decapsulate the outer header. Instead, it will perform a lookup based on the outer destination IP address and forward the packets as standard IP traffic
-  ATE Port 2 receives 1000000 packets
-  No packet loss should be observed

### PF-1.22.3: GUE Decapsulation over non-matching UDP decap port [Negative]
- Configure the DUT and ATE as stated above
- Repeat the test for flow-type#13 and flow-type#14 (one at a time)
- Validations:
-  The outer header destination IP of the traffic matches a configured decap IP address
-  The outer header destination UDP port (6085) of the traffic does not matches the locally configured decapsulation port(6080), therefore it does not match the decapsulation criteria for the destination port
-  The DUT should not decapsulate these packets. Packets should be dropped since no specific drop rule exists for unmatched GUE
-  The DUT decapsulation counters should not increment for this flow

> -  The drop counters will reflect the packets to 1000000

Reviewer: These packets will be sent to the DUT CPU.  Which counters should be checked?  ATE and some OC counters on DUT?  Or do you only intend to check the ATE counters?

Author: DUT counters. Updated the verbiage here

-  100% packet loss should be observed on ATE Port 2

### PF-1.22.4: Randomize the L4 source port field in immediate next header to outer header and verify load-balance behavior
- Configure the DUT and ATE as stated above
- L4 source port of inner/middle header(immediate next header to outer header) should be randomized for each flow-type thats running
- Initiate a flow-type and follow the below stated and applicable verification steps
- Repeat the test for all flow types with above-stated modified field
- Validations:
    - Flow validations are same as captured in sub-test#PF-1.22.1

>     - Traffic distribution should remain consistent with baseline test results, i.e. no deviation seen because of the modified field 

Reviewer: This will pass even if the DUT  uses bptj the outermost and next header.  (after all, there is sufficient entropy to cause good load balancing). 

A test which would confirm only the outer header is used might have a flow where the outermost UDP src is constant and the next-header varies.  That traffic should be forwarding, but not load balanced.

Author: Updated the test to reflect your input

> ### PF-1.22.5: Randomize the L4 source port field and SIP in immediate next header to outer header (middle header) and verify load-balance behavior [Applicable to Packet#1 and Packet#6]

Reviewer: Same comment as PF-1.22.4

- Configure the DUT and ATE as stated above
- L4 source port of middle header(immediate next header to outer header) should be randomized for each flow-type that's running
- SIP(immediate next header to outer header) should be randomized between ATE1LO[1-10] addresses for each flow-type that's running
- Execute the test for flow-type1 and flow-type6 with above-stated modified fields
- Initiate a single flow-type and follow the below stated and applicable verification steps
- Validations:
    -  Flow#1 for H3 should be load-balanced across the bundle members via ATE3
    -  Flow#6 for H3 should be load-balanced across the bundle members via ATE3
    -  No packet loss should be observed
    -  Traffic distribution should remain consistent with baseline test results, i.e. no deviation seen because of the modified field

> ### PF-1.22.6: Randomize the L4 source port field and SIP in immediate next header to outer header (inner header) and verify load-balance behavior [NA to Packet#1 and Packet#6]

Reviewer: Same comment as PF-1.22.4

Author: Done. Updated the test
